I've asked Mrs. Chen to tidy up your room
You will live with me from now on
Lucy
It's really my Lucy
You really like Lucy
I have liked him for many, many years
I have never seen such a handsome man
OK
Well, don't bother me, Lucy.
cut
Uh-huh.
Mr. Chen Mr. Chen
Now I know my name is Mr. Chen
I'm about to be killed by you
I see you have no place to live
Kindly take you home
You come in and scratch me
How should I punish you? I'm sorry.
OK
What are you doing?
Feel unfair
Can kiss back
I'm not targeting you either.
I'm targeting Lucy
I don't particularly like these two words
If you ever hold two words in front of me again
I see you and kiss you once
Do you want to kiss so many fans who like Lucy?
I'm only targeting you.
Why does it feel like a confession?
Mr. Chen is so late
You should be sleepy.
Let you rest well
Why does Mr. Chen want me to stay with you?
Nope.
Can you play Mr. Chen? Give me your phone.
Who are you looking at my picture tonight?
Have a good rest.
I will take you to the rhythm of Professor Yangchuan tomorrow
Professor Yangchuan is not allowed to delete my photos
God, why is there such a person in this world?